well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight I'm not going to try to
pull a fast one on you where I pretend
like I'm talking about something that's
happening now and it's something that
happened 100 years ago I think people
are starting to see through that and I
think people understand the reason I did
that it was to kind of highlight the
absurdity of national American history
and founders month we don't like to talk
about American history not the bad parts
anyway so tonight I'm going to talk
about something we don't like to talk
about because it flies in the face of
our national identity we are the place
where where people come people come here
to build a better life people in the
United States do not flee we don't do it
it's the idea is it true
now of course not of course not hundreds
of thousands of people fled during the
Civil War people fled as recently as
Vietnam to get away from the draft and
then there was another time
and that's time I want to talk about
tonight tens of thousands of people fled
every year for a couple of years most of
them are headed to Canada and they're
leaving out of New York and now we don't
do that no we're the sons of the
pioneers or Rosie the Riveter we fix our
problems right sounds good but tens of
thousands of people made that journey
now their trip was complicated by the
fact that Canada and the US have this
bizarre agreement where if the person
was in the US first they can't apply for
asylum in Canada and vice versa but the
Canadians being good people and actually
valuing freedom they found a loophole
well if you come through a regular
border crossing we got to return you to
the
yes but if you come through 20 yards up
the road here's your paperwork so that
loophole was used for a couple of years
and then some intrepid people stepped
forward and decided to put the u.s.
asylum system on trial know people are
like when did this happen next week next
week
Amnesty International Canada is
spearheading the charge there the court
proceedings will take place in Toronto
and the argument and it is a very sound
argument is that the u.s. is no longer
safe third country because the u.s. is
violating international law as far as
the treatment of refugees family
separation is obviously a form of
punishment which you can't do to people
seeking asylum the unwarranted detention
so on and so forth the Canadians are
attempting to get out of this agreement
I hope they are smart enough I hope the
Canadian government is smart enough to
understand they need to they need to as
President Trump heads to Central America
and tries to hammer out similar
agreements with countries that are not
safe it would be in the best interest of
the world for the Canadian government to
say the u.s. system is not safe it's not
it's not the amount of abuse that goes
on in those detention centers is just
unimaginable and they claim they're not
responsible for it
I really hope that this Agreement gets
scrapped and as we talk about American
history it should be noted that Donald
Trump gets to join the ranks of the
Civil War and the draft as the few
reasons people would flee this country
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night